hey where's everybody I'm bows clown
today on talk to you about all the
confirmed features we have so far for
the next update of Minecraft console
editions so that would be all the
consoles babies for pc so yes oh i guess
and iphone and samsung phones and
whatever it's called the handheld's but
the consoles the actual consoles and the
PS Vita okay so as of right now we know
it's going to be called tu 25 that's
just one thing out of the way ok so this
is not in any specific order I just you
know thought that I'd read all these
ever all these down and I thought we'd
talk about a little bit okay so first
time I thought was the most obvious one
which was stained glass and pains which
we knew were coming we could be like
almost all benue or coming because they
actually are actually already in the
game files the people have modded out
and actually made matter you can
download and actually have them already
and so that's cool so yeah we pretty
much knew that those are already coming
to this print of the like flip a switch
I'd imagine something super simple and
we already have them next up is new
fences and gates so this is kind of cool
if you miss it there was actually a
screenshot released showing off the new
gates and the new fences how you can
actually use the different colored woods
to make different color fences gates and
doors my bad i forgot the doors so that
will be cool unfortunately uh was it for
Jade Steve David um I don't remember one
of them for hey guys did say that in
that one specific picture that it wasn't
the new woods so that would be acacia
and dark wood which is disappointing but
you know since this is a 1.8 feature
hopefully that you know that will be
included also and then also in that
picture we had custom flatlands as you
can tell that everything was in like a
snow biome so you know that like on PC
they already have like I don't know miss
a 10-10 presets so like you have you
know like I think it's a miner's dream
where you have like all the second it's
like dirt on top and then just stone
everywhere and it's not like I don't
know
it has cold I just thought it has a lot
more stone than normal then obviously of
that snow want that's no bond they
showed and then these are confirmed but
I'm assuming they're going to be coming
his amplified worlds which means just
the elevation of is you know like as of
right now I think it's a hundred is a
120 is like the tallest mountains you're
gonna get normally and then this
actually increases it all up to like the
mac so the random generator makes
everything just super super tall but
like I said that is not confirmed okay
so back to confirm things so we have
classic crafting which is cool all it
means is that you'll be able to craft
things like out is on PC we have to
actually drag your items into the
crafting table and manually you know
order them in position so you have to
you know do it yourself hence the name
classic crafting Colette's pc classic
okay so next is change difficulty in
game so that's obviously super cool the
night you can you know if you're getting
attacked or something you can change the
peaceful or you can build something
peaceful and change the hardcore or not
hardcore too hard or easier something
else some other difficulty and then you
can just continue playing instead of
having to exit out no then come back
next is change game mode in game I'm not
exactly sure how this is going to work
I'm assuming you both something creative
then you want to test it so you go into
survival or maybe in the host options
you can give specific people survival
specific people creative that could be
cool also next you can change the
weather meaning you can turn off the
well they just turn off the rain but I'm
assuming that also means turn off the
snow and then maybe you can oh and then
also you can change the daylight so it's
a quick change rain and change the day
I'm assuming you can like you know
because I got PC just type in you know
like oh my gosh I forgot it's like game
mode set or get game time set day or
something I don't remember exactly but
you actually change it from day to night
with just a command so over that being
the host options and then here last but
not least is booking quill so I you
don't know as of right now you know we
just have books and we can't actually
right in I'm like you can a PC but once
this comes in will actually able to
leave notes inside of books you can put
them inside of a chess / adventure maps
or
you know you joined somebody's world you
want to tell him something I have to do
his craft a book craft a book and then
add in an ink sack and a feather and you
got a booking quote I'm not sure the
limit of the pages it might be infinite
for all I know but yeah you could write
stuff you know a lot longer text and all
you know you can actually make a lot
more sense and they just put the book he
throw the book at him and then when they
come back from there you know bathroom
trip or whatever it was they'll see your
message instead of having to write you
know like it says right now you tell
obviously do a bunch of signs or
something so that will be awesome and I
haven't talked about a release date yet
so I'm assuming we're gonna get a lot
more confirmed you know features since
they've only raises a couple of
screenshots and they normally release us
you know a bunch of screenshots showing
pretty much everything that's coming the
next update when that happens obviously
I make a video on it to tell you all
about it okay so sorry for you in this
video tell me if there are any things
that I'm forgetting I think I got
everything that's been confirmed at
least like I said this was confirmed
features not speculation so I hope you
enjoyed subscribe to my channel and help
you see the next one bye
you